and I like dick oh you're so cool bro so
lately I've been getting a lot of
comments saying rain you're at you like
the best trickshot or ever and yeah I
know I've been hitting a lot of really
six shots lately but I want to let you
guys know one thing I still fucking suck
dick I'm just getting really lucky right
now so please please please don't tell
me I'm the best the reason I when people
tell me that I'm the best is because
then they're gonna have their
expectations of me and they think I'm
gonna hit 1,800 up the ass every time I
go for I'm just gettin lucky right now
I'm not that good I know there's a lot
of people that are a lot better than me
and you know they could get into phase
over me if it was based off trick
shotting they really could and that
reminds me speaking of my 1800 the day
before it was actually you know uploaded
and everything some guy at you went in
the theater found it and he uploaded it
himself I was actually so and girls like
why would he do this because he was
spamming everybody I tweeted at saying
everybody check this out he would
comment on my video saying everybody
come check this out come check this out
look of rains almost a leaked clip or
whatever you guys don't get how angry
was that moment to take legal action I
call that my lawyers and everything I
want that off YouTube I'm just kidding
and that's it if I had to called my
lawyer somebody uploaded my FFA tee shot
public without my permission
I take him the core and he's standing
there may the defendant please rise
is it true that you uploaded face rains
clip without his permission and then he
says yes and I mean Todd wrinkles guilty
thrown in jail for 10 years that would
just be the funniest the Catharine
somebody has took legal action over a
Call of Duty Club I mean I was annoyed
and you know everything cuz I don't want
people to see I wanted to kind of be a
surprise but it still did really good
anyway I told you I thought I have a
crazy closer for my 1 mil montage and
that's why I don't want it on this game
or mw3 I want our like mw2 because I
know that if I hit on any other game
it's gonna be uploaded someone literally
I want to be playing mw2 just jump off
like run down and left right here do
that get a fucking Quan all headshots
when I have my mw2 triple headshot fee
if you guys ever see that on favela is
that one of the craziest clips ever when
I hit that it was actually so hard not
to show people but sea bass told me not
to he said it's gonna be like one of the
song closers for the 1 mil Taj and I'm
really glad I didn't show people cuz I
was getting spammed on Twitter saying
holy for crane and I was like so on my
insane Cove suicide but yeah I got a lot
of hate on one thing it was a really
really stupid reason I'm
over-exaggerating out a lotta hate but
just a few dumb comment
so for that rising erection shot yes I'm
I'm talking I'll make more since he has
watched video for that rising erection
shot I was talking about I'm not
claiming the trickshot people thought I
was trying like create that is my own or
anything like that
I was just kidding like I said that's
the up and down motion looked like a
boner so I called it the rising erection
people even I was in a freaking made his
trickshot ten months ago but no one's
gonna frickin believe because he's in
phase so don't worry I wasn't trying to
claim any trick shots I was trying to
make anything well as a youtuber I
actually love fan interaction I think
this is talking to you guys and you know
answering questions and all that stuff
is actually a really great way you'll
keep your fan base there and you'll
speak to your fan base so they don't
they like an hour a day every night or
something just an hour and you know
reply to as many PM's in my youtube
inbox as I can so yeah just show me an
inbox message right now just you know go
to my youtube send message or just you
know go to my should put in
trickshotting is the username and you
know to shoot me a message just feel
like hey rain I had a question when I
asked you or if you have questions about
my setup or about what sensitivity I use
any of that stuff you know I'll be down
to answer even though you guys already
know it's 14 but please try not to ask
me question let's say hey can you add me
on xbox can you do this that check out
my team give me a shout out all that but
you know if you have a question for me
you want to say what's up how are you
all that I would love talks by this
point in the video you guys probably
tell I lost my voice I'm losing it
completely and by tomorrow I'm gonna be
gone it's gone and there's nothing I can
go that was really bad but my stuff
finally came out today look at it I'm
charging right now on my xbox controller
here it is look how beautiful it is with
the Remo it's charging that's why the
LEDs on but it's a nice rain logo can
you see that rain logo it's really
really nice and I'm so happy I finally
gone as like raindrops on it kinda but
you don't really feel it so it's kind of
it's smooth feel what I'm saying it's
awesome there's the back look of the
paddles back there faze rain I'm so
happy that you have my own controller
that's awesome I did not know what I
would do if I lost my voice like
completely I would go crazy okay that's
fine if I don't clear my throat enough
as our voice cracking along with look at
this lead boys twenty nine six nine
eight everyone tried to say that I voice
cracked so bad up cut that part out
that's too much voice crap but I was
trying to say is basically I'm basing
all lose my voice really soon hopefully
I don't but if I do I think I have to do
some mind based commentaries oh I get it
hi I am I gotta I'm good
hi I'm phase right now I have to be
really really good but I'm trying really
hard right now not to sound like an 80
year old smoker I'm trying to push the
rain voice in and it's it's hurting
let's go
on guys it's faze rain hair look at me I
sound like a smoke I sound like one of
the ugly stepsisters from stress this is
on say all adapts Falk I'm losing my
voice it's all adapt fault man anyways
hope you guys enjoy the video I don't
know I'm gonna do tomorrow I'm probably
just already longer do I've losing my
voice losing my voice I'm sounding like
this it's hard our battery for tomorrow
to be really really fun so you guys will
enjoy that I hope you had enjoyed this
for you know the most part I'm so yeah
II guess that should you want to go to
my rain stuff to get scuffed gaming comm
it's really nice the rain stuff check
that out you guys you know would love it
360 this one will be able to singer than
all you guys still play black ops tune
everything but for people I do want a
scuff one go check that out on stuff
gaming calm and be sure you scrub rate
for discount but Ezra days when I wanted
has an amazing day hopefully your voice
is sounding better than mine better than
mine dude it's really bad but OBS you
have a great day leave all you guys
enjoy good faze rain
so basically I'm losing so they tried to
say that I voice cracked so bad up
cutting that part out
that's too much voice crap